allow_all_headers config parameter (#2155)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

## dev

Version <dev> of the agent adds [Roda](https://roda.jeremyevans.net/) instrumentation, adds a new `allow_all_headers` configuration parameter to permit capturing all HTTP headers, introduces improved error tracking functionality by associating a transaction id with each error, and uses more reliable network timeout logic.

- **Feature: Add Roda instrumentation**

  [Roda](https://roda.jeremyevans.net/) is a now an instrumented framework. The agent currently supports Roda versions 3.19.0+. [PR#2144](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2144)

> - **Feature: New allow_all_headers configuration parameter**

Reviewer: [Our config doc](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/configuration/ruby-agent-configuration/) calls them "options" rather than "parameters".

```suggestion
- **Feature: New allow_all_headers configuration option**
```

Reviewer: Spoiler alert: There are a few other comments related to editing this changelog entry below. You don't need to address them all. The last one includes changes/questions referenced in the prior comments.

>   A new `allow_all_headers` configuration parameter brings parity with the Node.js agent (see the [v2.7.0 changelog](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-270/)). This configuration parameter defaults to a value of `false`. When set to `true`, and as long as the agent is not operating in high-security mode, all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic instead of the default core set of headers. All existing behavior for `.*attributes.include` and `.*attributes.exclude` configuration parameters will be respected for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)

Reviewer: Why is there a `.*` in front of `attributes.include` and `attributes.exclude`?

Author: Taking "include" for an example, I wanted to refer to all of these:

- `attributes.include`
- `error_collector.attributes.include`
- `span_events.attributes.include`
- `transaction_events.attributes.include`
- `transaction_segments.attributes.include`
- `transaction_tracer.attributes.include`

Author: (As discussed offline) The .* is confusing and spelling out 12 separate config options is overkill. We'll get rid of the .* and reference the attributes documentation with a link for a complete overview.

>   NOTE: The extra headers collected by having `allow_all_headers` enabled requires Rack version 2 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NOTE: The extra headers collected by enabling `allow_all_headers` requires Rack version 2 or higher.
```

>   NOTE: The extra headers will appear as attributes prefixed with `request.headers.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NOTE: The extra headers will appear as transaction attributes prefixed with `request.headers.`
```

Author: (As discussed offline) technically these are agent attributes that can get attached to non-transactions such as error objects.

>   A new `allow_all_headers` configuration parameter brings parity with the Node.js agent (see the [v2.7.0 changelog](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-270/)). This configuration parameter defaults to a value of `false`. When set to `true`, and as long as the agent is not operating in high-security mode, all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic instead of the default core set of headers. All existing behavior for `.*attributes.include` and `.*attributes.exclude` configuration parameters will be respected for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)
> 
>   NOTE: The extra headers collected by having `allow_all_headers` enabled requires Rack version 2 or higher.
>   NOTE: The extra headers will appear as attributes prefixed with `request.headers.`
> 

Reviewer: The long block of text makes this changelog entry a bit difficult for me to follow. Would you be open to breaking things into bullets instead? 

```suggestion
  A new `allow_all_headers` configuration option brings parity with the Node.js agent (see the [v2.7.0 changelog](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-270/)). 
  
  This configuration option:
    * Defaults to `false`.
    * Is not compatible with high-security mode
    * When set to `true` all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic. By default, only a small group of HTTP headers are sent to New Relic. 
    * Respects all existing behavior for `attributes.include` and `attributes.exclude` configuration options for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. 
    *  Requires Rack version 2 or higher.
    * Displays the additional headers as transaction attributes prefixed with `request.headers.`
  
  This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)
```

## dev

> Version <dev> of the agent adds a new 'allow_all_headers' configuration parameter to permit the capturing of all HTTP headers, introduces improved error tracking functionality by associating a transaction id with each error, and uses more reliable network timeout logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version <dev> of the agent adds a new 'allow_all_headers' configuration parameter to permit capturing all HTTP headers, introduces improved error tracking functionality by associating a transaction id with each error, and uses more reliable network timeout logic.
```

- **Feature: New allow_all_headers configuration parameter**

>   A new `allow_all_headers` configuration parameter brings parity with the Node.js agent and others. This configuration parameter defaults to a value of `false`. When set to `true`, and as long as the agent is not operating in high-security mode, all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic instead of the default core set of headers. All existing behavior for `.*attributes.include` and `.*attributes.exclude` configuration parameters will be respected for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)

Reviewer: > brings parity with the Node.js agent and others.

Who are the others?

Author: @hannahramadan brought this up as well. `allow_all_headers` is in the specs, so I assumed that there were others. But after double checking it looks like it's just Ruby, Node.js, and Browser. I'm open to changing it.

Reviewer: I'm in good company! I think removing "and others" would be helpful. It might also be helpful to link to documentation for the Node and/or the Browser agent's versions in this description.

Author: CHANGELOG entry updated in [16be793](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2155/commits/16be7939b73a548c6f271657dd21c20743a5fcdc). Apparently I imagined the browser agent part, so I've removed "others" and just refer to Node. The best documentation I could find on the Node side for the feature was in its changelog.

>   A new 'allow_all_headers' configuration parameter has been added to bring parity with the Node.js agent and others. This configuration parameter defaults to a value of `false`. When set to `true` and as long as the agent is not operating in high security mode, all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic instead of the default core set of headers. All existing behavior for `.*attributes.include` and `.*attributes.exclude` configuration parameters will be respected for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A new `allow_all_headers` configuration parameter brings parity with the Node.js agent and others. This configuration parameter defaults to a value of `false`. When set to `true`, and as long as the agent is not operating in high-security mode, all HTTP headers gleaned from a request will be captured and relayed to New Relic instead of the default core set of headers. All existing behavior for `.*attributes.include` and `.*attributes.exclude` configuration parameters will be respected for any desired filtration of the headers when `allow_all_headers` is enabled. This work was done in response to a feature request submitted by community member [@jamesarosen](https://github.com/jamesarosen). Thank you very much, @jamesarosen! [Issue#1029](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1029)
```

Author: Much appreciated!
